Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
It will print "Greetings!" then the next line down it will print "What is my favorite color?" and give a space to input.
Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
It printed "Greetings!" then the next line down it printed "What is my favorite color?" and give a space to input.
What do you think the program did with what you typed?
Put it in a database that you (teach) have access to.


Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. 
It will take the data you gave it in main1.py (aka your favorite color) and print it instead of taking that input.
What do you think the color = input() will do? 
(set color to the input you put in in main1.ply)
Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
No it didn't call upon my last answer it printed the answer I gave it.
Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It does the same as Main2.ply except instead of printing the color again it will print yes if you input red and print Sorry, try again. if not red.
What is happening on lines 11–14? 
A if statement aka it is checking the input to see if it matches up with one of the conditions and if it does, it executes one of the options.
Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
oragnization
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? 
It doesn't reconize it 
What does this tell you about "color"?
it is exactly Red


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It is main3.py but with red and Red as "correct" inputs
What problem is this trying to solve? 
User error 
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It does not execpt it as the "correct" Input.


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
makes the input lowercase 
What problem is it trying to solve? 
it solves the capitalization error
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
It does not execpt it as the "correct" Input.


Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
it also takes away spaces
What would you guess .strip() is doing? 
removes anything that is in the brackets 
Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
if you put a space inside the red or mispell it 


Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
it will take pink and print Close!
What is the purpose of line 11? 
to change the viriable to something that we want to work with for the rest of the program
Run the program and answer the question.
I Dont understand


Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? 
Its a while loop but I dont get what it does
Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
because they are in the while loop.
Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
it would only print "What is my favorite color?" once instead of every time they answer a "wrong" answer 
Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.
It makes a inifinte loop of "Sorry, try again."


Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? 
a conter
What is the purpose of “count”? 
to show how many time the program looped
What is happening on line 22? 
its printing a message telling the user the amount of times he/she tried before they got it "right"
Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?